{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ri-2857\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 1. My puzzle\
- Is interest in various political topics and realms (DV) transmitted to kids by agents (IV)? If yes, how? Studies find parents play some role in that, but men and women implicitly define political interest (by not defining it) as interest in partisan politics. We don't have any idea how interest in education, in healthcare, in protest politics, etc. is transmitted to kids. (same for local politics) And many of these aspects see more women involved. So we don't know how political interest is transmitted because we typically look only at a narrow aspect in the realm of politics in which men are typically more interested: partisan politics.\
- How is it transmitted? Agency. I thought about looking at 4 actors: parents, peers, influencers, teachers.\
- But how, more specifically? Same-gender role models, because of social learning and gender homophily theories.\
- "Is interest in various political topics and realms (DVs) transmitted to kids by agents (IV)? If yes, how?" Is this puzzle sufficiently clear and concise?\
2. My definitions\
- For articles that I cite, I use terms in the same way as I define them earlier in the paper. I checked to make sure I do not refer to "political engagement" in a way distinct from my definition, even if authors use that word. In some cases, I had to change terms (engagement => participation, or participation => engagement) to make sure I was coherent.\
- Why do I use these definitions? For meta-concepts (engagement, participation), I list their components based on how studies define them. For narrower concepts, I question them. For example, I question what political interest means (interest in what? partisan politics), what political discussion means (discussion of what? partisan politics), what political knowledge is (knowledge of what, measured how?). For other concepts, they are sufficiently well defined for me to use them as they are (voter turnout). For some concepts, I agree I could define them better (political ambition).\
- Maybe I should stick to political interest and drop the discussion of other concepts, except when justifying the reasons that justify my study. For example, partisan political interest leads people to want to run for political office, so if the mechanisms of attitude transmission lead girls to develop lower partisan political interest, they will likely be less interested in running for political office, which has consequences. But apart from these points, maybe I should focus my attention only on political interest.\
- Otherwise, I can include local politics, community politics, social protest more clearly as part of the discussion on political engagement.\
3. Critical theories\
- I want to do an empirical dissertation, but I am more than open to critical studies. I thought I was already basing my whole dissertation around a criticism of the concept of political interest, though. But these studies remain more empirical than theoretical.\
- If you can send me studies which you think will be directly relevant for my discussion, this would be great. I will check Thomas & Bittner, and Gilligan too, but any other work will be appreciated.\
4. Too many hypotheses\
- I'll reduce that. Should I aim for 2-3?\
5. Too many datasets\
- I want to do empirical research.\
- Ideally, I want qualitative evidence, not just quantitative. But I might stick to one parent questionnaire and one children questionnaire, ideally with CIVIX if they accept. Is it good?\
- For WVS and CES, they will be helpful in showing how political interest and other concepts evolve through time and through aging. But they will then be criticized according to measures less centered around partisan political interest.\
6. Organization\
- I have thus far divided the lit review by concept instead of by time. Should I re-write everything? If you think so I'll consult with other membres of my committee to be sure\
}